= CXL
* website coming as soon as the code base achieves critical mass

== DESCRIPTION
A simple Ruby native object instantion or wrapper for concept map data 
from a CXL format file.

The CXL file format is documented at: http://cmap.ihmc.us/xml/CXL.html

== FEATURES
* Read a cxl file
* Extracts concepts and propositions
* Provides simple Ruby objects and collections for a concept map containing concepts and propositions

== SUPPORT

Email Donald Cox at anthrotools dot gmail.com

== SYNOPSIS

== REQUIREMENTS
 * ruby 1.9 (probably 1.8 but I haven't tested it)
 * nokogiri 

== INSTALL

gem install nokogiri

Put the code somewhere you can use it easily.

A gem version is in my plans for when the code base is more functional.

== DEVELOPMENT

Put the code somewhere you can work on it easily. Nothing special needed 
at this ponit. I hope you find it useful.

== LICENSE

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2011:

* {Donald Cox}[mailto:anthrotools@gmail.com]

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.